Update applying-labels-to-issues-and-pull-requests.md (#179)
github/docs: content/github/managing-your-work-on-github/applying-labels-to-issues-and-pull-requests.md

{% tip %}

> **Tip:** A user can apply up to a maximum of 100 labels to issues and pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** You can apply a maximum of 100 labels to issues and pull requests.
```

To keep it consistent and friendly, we like refer to readers in the second person 🥰

Author: Thanks! Great to know it :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** You can apply a maximum of 100 labels to issues and pull requests.
```

So sorry, I don't think I was clear! You can make these edits in the PR after a review and then I'll get notified that your PR has been changed and I can review it again and approve. 😄  Try merging this suggested change and pushing it up to your branch. ⚡

{% data reusables.repositories.select-items-in-issue-or-pr-list %}

> 4. In the upper-right corner, click **Label**, then start typing the name of an existing label. Click the label's name to associate it with the selected items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the upper-right corner, click **Label**, then start typing the name of an existing label. Click the label's name to associate it with the selected items. You can also apply a label in the Labels drop-down menu within an issue or pull request.
```

This one too 💖

Author: Sorry, you were very clear - I marked the comments as "resolved" before editing the file, took a call, forgot what I was doing. All requested changes committed now.

  ![Issues Milestone assignment drop-down](/assets/images/help/issues/issues_applying_labels_dropdown.png)
  

>   Please note that you can also apply a label in the Labels drop-down menu within an issue or pull request.

Reviewer: Awesome that you moved this to compliment step 4. I think we can go all the way with it and add it to step 4 😄 what do you think? 

> `4. In the upper-right corner, click **Label**, then start typing the name of an existing label. Click the label's name to associate it with the selected items. You can also apply a label in the Labels drop-down menu within an issue or pull request.`
>   `![Issues Milestone assignment drop-down](/assets/images/help/issues/issues_applying_labels_dropdown.png)`
>

Author: Sorry, resolved it by mistake :)
Much better this way - I'll make the necessary changes.
